Rename shape to kernel (#587)
nest/nestml: doc/nestml_language.rst

     spikes3 nS <- spike
   end

> For the sake of keeping the example simple, we assign a decaying exponential-kernel postsynapic response to each input port, each with a different time constant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the sake of keeping the example simple, we assign a decaying exponential-kernel post-synapic response to each input port, each with a different time constant:
```
